pages: add "how to preact" document (#884)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/how-to/deploy-a-preact-site.md

# Deploy a Preact site

[Preact](https://preactjs.com) is a popular, open-source framework for building modern web applications. Preact can also be used as a lightweight alternative to React because the two share the same API and component model.

In this guide, you'll create a new Preact application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

> We'll be using [`wmr`](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr), an all-in-one development tool built by the Preact team, to quickly generate a new WMR application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll be using [`wmr`](https://github.com/preactjs/wmr), an all-in-one development tool built by the Preact team, to quickly generate an optimized web application.
```
